Hello everyone and today we have a video in
I want to create a jewelry
teach how to make an unusual pendant and so
for this you need we need 100 .
here is such a thin here I immediately
same we need double length
your pendant here I have it already
connected round then formed to us
need two colors bead we will need
here are such pins with a tip on the end
soldered to them hard here and we need us
there will be such pins with such tips on
end of it all you can buy in
Shop for accessories
so let's get down to it
zigzag naboo bead sets
so you can feel better you can always
for example draw a diagram what are you
want to make a pattern here you can do
completely different pattern and so i'm well here we are
We can gain and the amount of such
of our here these pins here I am like
I will attach where this is mine
pins thats well i can make well
the amount of length that will be put
fit so get down so I would take
zigzag
I've already drawn a diagram for myself
I drew such a scheme for myself
I will recruit it for you
create any other scheme we are just here
everything is very simple we recruit on our
pin bead fits our
scheme
I read it here will be obtained
on my trunks here on this one
which of me will be 12 here
such here pins with dialed beads
get right now i'm typing
how else do I have to dial
but all the other pins you need
will make
similarly as I show it to you here
now i typed after i
typed
i need to take pliers wick but
pliers and pliers
By the way, you'll need to forget it.
here and make a ring here with me
It turns out this here and I take on
this pin or pin i like this
just wear it like this
need to do the rest of our
BIS bead scheme is beneficial here
here are the pins and so now I'm on
made all her beaded pins
and now we need to collect decorations
for starters here and in this pin ring i
I already hooked my chain to her
parties now what we do we
take our first
we put a pin on our other
pin and now we put on
I chose to bead one to wear
white and so here we have to wear everything
our pins
here it is through one bead constantly
repeat
you can alternate can give
optional after one can wear
eg after 2
Well, for example, I chose that I will be through
one dress for what we dress for
that we have them on this pins
they hung straight and nowhere they are not
moved and didn’t move out if we don’t
let's do that they will contain
one common heap and be our reactions
for example a pattern that is chosen but may
be you this for example if you have everything
plain pins can it on
will equip such an idea
two almost put on my clothes
last thing we do now after
As I here and so the whole thing here
now we need to take
round pliers and make a little ring but I tell you
already in previous lessons showed how
his business but until the end it does not close
to hook our chain of him here everything
just because the chain is narrowing
captivity in the ring we just have to take
one part to pull our chain there
just this ring
everything can now hold our little ring
needle for this i use pliers
initially you can’t get yourself yet
help round-nose pliers twist here y
I get such a pendant I became
specially his long chain to
don't make a clasp on it
pendant is obtained on such a chain
see when we put on beads
he doesn’t go down to the general pile
exactly hangs this one pin
for example you can make a semicircle
so that it does not hang exactly like that
a little bit and shoes on you we will have you
semicircle all thanks everyone for watching
subscribe to my channel to new
meeting